UUM manuscript comment (#31)
ubermag/ubermag.github.io: source/documentation/compatibility.rst

..

>   This webpage has to remain at the current address
>   as the UUM paper which points here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This webpage has to remain at the current address
  (or a redirect has to be added)
  as the UUM paper points here.
```
